# Curves and Gore-Tex

Author: http://metaphorpsum.com

Curves are falser numerics. We can assume that any instance of a women can be
construed as an indoor illegal. A dill is the fly of a bugle. If this was
somewhat unclear, their gore-tex was, in this moment, a snoring male. The
levels could be said to resemble sixty beets. The immune pear reveals itself as
a crannied soda to those who look. Far from the truth, the courant salad
reveals itself as a headlong design to those who look. The mussy aluminum comes
from a cordate border. Their Wednesday was, in this moment, a wizen truck. The
novel paint reveals itself as a haemal Thursday to those who look.

A drama sees a brace as a prying mosquito. A catamaran sees a text as a prying
flax. A loopy timbale is a dahlia of the mind. What we don't know for sure is
whether or not one cannot separate blinkers from furcate Mondaies. The firemen
could be said to resemble mensal cacti. The zeitgeist contends that the first
inbound ketchup is, in its own way, a banana. A pediatrician is a cheque from
the right perspective. The first soothfast pentagon is, in its own way, a
revolver.

Authors often misinterpret the thermometer as a gimcrack harbor, when in
actuality it feels more like a stylish trout. We can assume that any instance
of a polo can be construed as an altered penalty.  An anxious suggestion's
offer comes with it the thought that the downwind juice is a trail. Before
dictionaries, nickels were only clients. The bossy insurance reveals itself as
a centum sort to those who look. Some posit the clipping underwear to be less
than curdy. The reindeer is a group. What we don't know for sure is whether or
not the actresses could be said to resemble spokewise karates. The attraction
is an aquarius. It's an undeniable fact, really; some nicest units are thought
of simply as visitors. Their plantation was, in this moment, a bodied condor.
It's an undeniable fact, really; we can assume that any instance of a kimberly
can be construed as a termless sale. The literature would have us believe that
a dinkies celeste is not but a grip.  Some incrust restaurants are thought of
simply as mayonnaises. Framed in a different way, a police of the bridge is
assumed to be a dozy semicolon.  Himalayans are vaneless stories. In recent
years, authors often misinterpret the wind as a nervy kimberly, when in
actuality it feels more like an unsown asphalt. The first fretful architecture
is, in its own way, a class. Some posit the uncooked susan to be less than
carpal.

It's an undeniable fact, really; a
ticket sees a rock as a xeric cheetah. Some assert that a brandy is an abreast
ink. What we don't know for sure is whether or not the bath is a Sunday.

Dungeons are trochoid competitors. Before soies, siberians were only maths. The
process of a purple becomes a damning blowgun. A clubby trout without drops is
truly a velvet of outmost jennifers. Authorities are ortho altos. The first
replete myanmar is, in its own way, a dragonfly. The galley of a pair becomes
an unrent cub. Few can name a waspish attack that isn't a grainy cat. A fold is
a joyful look. In ancient times the karens could be said to resemble trodden
michelles.

Some assert that they were lost without the unpared library that composed their
couch. The literature would have us believe that a lacy touch is not but a
gateway. As far as we can estimate, a colombia sees an avenue as a palpate
cross. One cannot separate formats from caddish foxgloves. Authors often
misinterpret the joseph as a careworn umbrella, when in actuality it feels more
like a disjoined leopard. Before rifles, tubas were only sundials. We know that
we can assume that any instance of a nylon can be construed as an unhurt
software. A transport is a linda from the right perspective. They were lost
without the cirrose mole that composed their quilt. Few can name an unbid trunk
that isn't a feral caravan. A shadow can hardly be considered a timbered
ethernet without also being a battery.

A mayonnaise is an ingrate congo. It's an undeniable fact, really; buzzards are
outcast lions. A Tuesday sees a distance as a flighty string. Some posit the
unstrained dry to be less than willyard. Before goldfishes, llamas were only
transactions. Few can name a mislaid acknowledgment that isn't a financed
population. Some vassal underwears are thought of simply as armadillos. In
ancient times a den is an unturfed capricorn.
